FF152 Relnote: Element.getAnimations() - options.pseudoElement (#44220)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/152/index.md

- The {{domxref("Notification/actions","actions")}} read-only property and the [`maxActions`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Notification/maxActions_static) static read-only property of the {{domxref("Notification")}} interface are supported.
  These contain the notification actions set with {{domxref("ServiceWorkerRegistration.showNotification()")}}, and the platform-dependent maximum number of actions that can be set for a notification, respectively.
  ([Firefox bug 1959931](https://bugzil.la/1959931)).
- The {{domxref("Element.getAnimations()")}} method can now accept the [`options.pseudoElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/getAnimations#pseudoelement) parameter.

>   This provides an ergonomic way to return the animations associated with a particular pseudo element.

Reviewer: should we expand on what we mean by "ergonomic" and possibly also mention the alternative...something along these lines: "allows you to directly target a specific pseudo-element, rather than filtering the results of `{ subtree: true }`"?

```suggestion
  This allows you to directly target a specific pseudo-element, rather than filtering the results of `{ subtree: true }`.
```

Author: Thanks @dipikabh - I'm very much in two minds about this suggestion. Decided on balance it is slightly better. I have modified your suggested chang above.
